README.md, before:

# Glass Samples

This repository contains sample code for Google [Glass Enterprise Edition 2](https://developers.google.com/glass-enterprise) (EE2). This repository is provided for example purposes only.

## Getting The Code

Get started by downloading the code:

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/googlesamples/glass-enterprise-samples
```

Then use [Android Studio](https://developer.android.com/studio) to build & run the samples.

## Available Samples

*  [Card Sample](CardSample): A simple Glass application showcasing typical layouts and UI patterns.
*  [Camera2 Sample](Camera2Sample): Take photos and videos using the [Camera2 API](https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/media/camera).
*  [Gallery Sample](GallerySample): Browse and delete photos and videos.
*  [Gesture Detector](GestureLibrarySample): Respond to gesture events on the touchpad.
*  [Notes Sample](NotesSample): Use voice commands & voice recognition to record notes on Glass.
*  [QR Code Sample](QRCodeScannerSample): Scan QR codes with the camera.
*  [Gesture Detector](endpoints-frameworks): Respond to gesture events on the touchpad.
*  [Voice Recognition Sample](VoiceRecognitionSample): Embed voice transcription in your apps. 
*  [WebRTC Sample](WebRTCSample): A video conferencing app based on the open source WebRTC [Android example](http://webrtc.github.io/webrtc-org/native-code/android/).

## Hardware profile
[Import](https://developer.android.com/studio/run/managing-avds#importexporthp) this example [hardware profile](HardwareProfile/glass_ee2_hardware_profile.xml) into Android Virtual Device Manager to make your emulator more like the display on Glass.

## Contributing

Contributions to these samples are always welcome and highly encouraged.

See the [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) documentation for more information on how to get started.

## Reporting Issues & Support

You can report bugs related to this sample code using the [issue tracker](https://github.com/googlesamples/glass-enterprise-samples/issues). If you have an issue with your Google Glass device, contact [Google Glass Support](http://g.co/glass/contactus).

## License

See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License. Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.

This repository is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, and is not part of any Google Glass product offerings.

Copyright 2019 Google LLC

Commit message:

Updating README to reflect Glass EE deprecation.

README.md, after:

# March 15, 2023 Update

As of March 15, 2023, we will no longer sell Glass Enterprise Edition.  We
will continue supporting Glass Enterprise Edition until September 15, 2023.
This repository has been archived and remains as a historical reference for
developers who actively maintain apps built for Glass Enterprise Edition.
For more information, visit the Glass Enterprise
[developers site](https://developers.google.com/glass-enterprise) and
[Help Center](https://support.google.com/glass-enterprise/customer).

# Glass Samples

This repository contains sample code for Google [Glass Enterprise Edition 2](https://developers.google.com/glass-enterprise) (EE2). This repository is provided for example purposes only.

## Getting The Code

Get started by downloading the code:

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/googlesamples/glass-enterprise-samples
```

Then use [Android Studio](https://developer.android.com/studio) to build & run the samples.

## Available Samples

*  [Card Sample](CardSample): A simple Glass application showcasing typical layouts and UI patterns.
*  [Camera2 Sample](Camera2Sample): Take photos and videos using the [Camera2 API](https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/media/camera).
*  [Gallery Sample](GallerySample): Browse and delete photos and videos.
*  [Gesture Detector](GestureLibrarySample): Respond to gesture events on the touchpad.
*  [Notes Sample](NotesSample): Use voice commands & voice recognition to record notes on Glass.
*  [QR Code Sample](QRCodeScannerSample): Scan QR codes with the camera.
*  [Gesture Detector](endpoints-frameworks): Respond to gesture events on the touchpad.
*  [Voice Recognition Sample](VoiceRecognitionSample): Embed voice transcription in your apps. 
*  [WebRTC Sample](WebRTCSample): A video conferencing app based on the open source WebRTC [Android example](http://webrtc.github.io/webrtc-org/native-code/android/).

## Hardware profile
[Import](https://developer.android.com/studio/run/managing-avds#importexporthp) this example [hardware profile](HardwareProfile/glass_ee2_hardware_profile.xml) into Android Virtual Device Manager to make your emulator more like the display on Glass.

## Contributing

Contributions to these samples are always welcome and highly encouraged.

See the [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) documentation for more information on how to get started.

## Reporting Issues & Support

You can report bugs related to this sample code using the [issue tracker](https://github.com/googlesamples/glass-enterprise-samples/issues). If you have an issue with your Google Glass device, contact [Google Glass Support](http://g.co/glass/contactus).

## License

See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License. Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.

This repository is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, and is not part of any Google Glass product offerings.

Copyright 2019 Google LLC
